{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f39\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f40\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f41\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f42\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f43\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}}{\info{\author Bert Lineker}{\operator Bert Lineker}{\creatim\yr2005\mo6\dy8\hr21\min10}{\revtim\yr2005\mo6\dy8\hr21\min11}{\version2}
{\edmins1}{\nofpages3}{\nofwords524}{\nofchars2991}{\*\company Peccavis Consulting}{\nofcharsws3673}{\vern8247}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind4\viewscale90\nolnhtadjtbl \fet0\sectd \linex0\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\fs20 \'93Twas On the Good Ship Venus\'94
\par 
\par Aboard the good ship Venus,
\par By God, you should have seen us,
\par The figurehead, a whore in bed,
\par The mast, a throbbing penis.
\par 
\par Chorus: There was friggin' in the riggin',
\par Wankin' on the plankin',
\par Masturbatin' on the gratin',
\par There was fuck all else to do.
\par 
\par The first mate's name was Paul,
\par He only had one ball,
\par But with that cracker he rolled terbaccer
\par Around the cabin wall.
\par 
\par The second mate's name was Andy,
\par His dick was long and bandy,
\par They filled his ass with molten brass
\par For pissing in the brandy.
\par 
\par The third mate's name was Morgan,
\par He was a grisly Gorgon,
\par Three times a day he strummed away
\par Upon his sexual organ.
\par 
\par The cox'n's name was Slugger,
\par He was a dirty bugger,
\par He wasn't fit to shovel shit
\par On any bugger's lugger.
\par 
\par A cook whose name was Freeman,
\par He was a dirty demon,
\par He fed the crew on menstrual stew
\par And hymens fried in semen.
\par 
\par Another cook was O'Malley,
\par He didn't dilly-dally,
\par He shot his bolt with such a jolt
\par He whitewashed half the galley.
\par 
\par The bosun's name was Lester,
\par He was a hymen tester,
\par Through hymens thick he shoved his dick
\par And left it there to fester.
\par 
\par The engineer was McTavish,
\par And young girls he did ravish,
\par His missing prick's in Istanbul,
\par He was a little lavish.
\par 
\par The engineer's mate was Carter,
\par By God, he was a farter,
\par When the wind wouldn't blow and the ship wouldn't go,
\par We'd get Carter the farter to start 'er.
\par 
\par A homo was the purser,
\par He couldn't have been worser,
\par With all the crew he had a screw,
\par Until they yelled, "Oh no, sir!"
\par 
\par Another one was Cropper,
\par Oh Christ, he had a whopper,
\par Twice round the deck, once round his neck,
\par And up his bum for a stopper.
\par 
\par The ship's dog's name was Rover,
\par The whole crew did him over,
\par They ground and ground the wretched hound
\par From Lisbon to the Indies.
\par 
\par Part the Fourth
\par Concerning what the sailors did for recreation and how it came that Columbo's daughters were lost at sea and what became of them
\par 
\par Twas on the broad Atlantic,
\par Where the water's almost static,
\par The rise and fall of cock and balls
\par Was almost automatic.
\par 
\par The captain's wife was Mabel,
\par And whenever she was able,
\par She gave the crew its daily screw
\par Upon the galley table.
\par 
\par The skipper's daughter Mabel,
\par They fucked when they were able.
\par They tacked those tits, the dirty shits,
\par Right to the galley table.
\par 
\par The skipper's other daughter,
\par They tossed into the water.
\par Delighted squeals came as the eels
\par Entered her sexual quarter.
\par 
\par Part the Fifth
\par In which the New World is at last discovered, and how the sailors expressed their joy at finding civilization
\par 
\par For forty days and forty nights,
\par They sailed the broad Atlantic.
\par Columbo and his scurvy crew,
\par For want of a piece were frantic.
\par 
\par They spied a whore upon the shore,
\par And off came shirts and collars,
\par In twenty minutes by the clock,
\par She'd made ten thousand dollars.
\par 
\par With a joyful shout they ran about,
\par And practiced fornication,
\par When they sailed they left behind,
\par Ten times the population.
\par 
\par The ladies of the nation,
\par Arose in indignation,
\par They stuffed their bums with chewing gum,
\par A smart retaliation.
\par 
\par And when his men pulled out again,
\par To take their homeward trip up,
\par They'd caught the pox from every box,
\par And syphilized all Europe.
\par 
\par Part the Sixth
\par In which Columbo at last returns to Spain, delivers a gift unto to the Queen, and is rewarded thereupon
\par 
\par Columbo went in haste to the Queen,
\par Because it was his duty,
\par He gave to her a dose of clap,
\par He had no other booty.
\par 
\par So she threw him in a stinking jail,
\par And left him there to grumble,
\par A ball and chain tied to his balls,
\par So ended poor Columbo.
\par 
\par So now we end this serial,
\par Through sheer lack of material,
\par I wish you luck and freedom from
\par Diseases venereal.
\par }}