MOBILE
Melody--She'll be Comin' Round the Mountain

(take turns leading verses)
Oh the eagles they fly high in Mobile, in Mobile,
Oh the eagles they fly high in Mobile,
Oh the eagles they fly high,
And they shit right in your eye,
It’s a good thing cows don't fly,
In Mobile.

Chorus: In Mobile, in Mobile,
In Mo, in Mo, in Mobile,
Oh the eagles they fly high,
And they shit right in your 
It’s a good thing cows don’t fly in Mobile.

There's a girl by the name of Dinah in Mobile, in Mobile,
There's a girl by the name of Dinah in Mobile,
There's a girl by the name of Dinah,
Who thinks there's nothing finer,
Than a prick up her vagina,
In Mobile.

Oh the vicar is a bugger in Mobile, etc
And the curate is another,
And they bugger one another,
In Mobile.

There's a shortage of bog paper in Mobile, etc
So they wait until it vapors,
Then they light it with a taper,
In Mobile.

If you're ever thrown in jail in Mobile, etc
Well there's no need for bail,
'Cause the sheriff's wife's for sale,
In Mobile.

Oh the Hashers get no tail in Mobile, etc
So for want of recreation, they indulge in masturbation,
It's a hell of a situation,
In Mobile.

Oh there's a brand-new lighthouse in Mobile, etc
Which the birds use for a shit-house,
Now the lighthouse is a white house,
In Mobile.

There's a shortage of good bogs in Mobile,  etc
So they wait until it clogs,
Then they saw it up in logs,
In Mobile.

There's a man by the name of Hunt in Mobile, etc
Who thought he had a cunt,
But his balls were back to front,
In Mobile.

There's a man by the name of West in Mobile, etc
Who thought he had a breast,
But his balls were on his chest,
In Mobile.

Oh the girls they wear tin undies in Mobile,  etc
And they take them off on Sundays,
You should see the boys on Mondays,
In Mobile.

There's a shortage of good whores in Mobile, etc
But there's keyholes in the doors,
And there's knotholes in the floors,
In Mobile.

Oh the parson is perverted in Mobile, etc
And his morals are inverted,
There's a thousand he's converted,
In Mobile.

Frenchies are in short supply in Mobile, etc
And that's the reason why,
You'll see them hanging out to dry,
In Mobile.

The virgins they are rare in Mobile, etc
When they get their pubic hair,
They're deflowered by the mayor,
In Mobile.

Oh the girls they wear tin pants in Mobile, etc
And they take them off to dance,
All the fellows get a chance,
In Mobile.

There's a lad named Dirty Danny in Mobile, etc
And he likes a bit of fanny,
And he gets if off of granny,
In Mobile.

There's a bastard named Mercator in Mobile, etc
Who's the greatest fornicator,
Masturbator, cunt-inflater,
In Mobile.

There's a girl with no ambition in Mobile, etc
And when she isn't wishin', she gets it in the kitchen,
From the local obstetrician,
In Mobile.

Oh men of drinking classes in Mobile, etc
When you've finished with your glasses,
You can shove them up your asses,
In Mobile.

Oh the chemists are the key men in Mobile, etc
Selling dehydrated semen,
To emasculated he-men,
In Mobile.

Oh the privates wash the dishes in Mobile, etc
And they dry them on their britches,
Oh the dirty sons of bitches,
In Mobile.

Oh the sergeant is a bugger in Mobile, etc
And the corporal is another,
And they bugger one another,
In Mobile.

Oh they drink their whisky neat in Mobile, etc
Till it drops them off their feet,
And they cannot get a beat,
In Mobile.

Oh I chased the colonel's daughter in Mobile, etc
And I shagged her when I caught her,
Now the daughter's got a daughter,
In Mobile.

Oh, the cows they are all dead in Mobile, etc
So they milk the bulls instead,
'Cause the bastards must be fed,
In Mobile.